readme.md, before:

This must stop:
---------------
![Think of the Koalas!](https://i.makeagif.com/media/8-22-2014/GO_DT4.gif)


Koala Holla
===========

Our client, Koala Holla (1976 Llama Comma Drive, Walla Walla WA) is a non-profit dedicated to the ethical transitioning of koalas from the outdoors (whereupon they may be rained) to urban areas where roofs exist. Your team has been hired to build a web app to handle their terrarium residents.

Technologies
------------
* Node
* Express
* SQL

Client needs
------------
Koala Holla has provided a table of their current residents:

| id | name    | favorite_color | age | ready_to_transer | notes                            |
|----|---------|--------|-----|------------------|----------------------------------|
| 1  | Scotty  | Red      | 4   | Y                | Born in Guatemala                |
| 2  | Jean    | Green      | 5   | Y                | Allergic to lots of lava         |
| 3  | Ororo   | Yellow      | 7   | N                | Loves listening to Paula (Abdul) |
| 4  | K'Leaf   | Purple      | 15  | N                | Never refuses a treat.                  |
| 5  | Charlie | Orange      | 9   | Y                | Favorite band is Nirvana         |
| 6  | Betsy   | Blue      | 4   | Y                | Has a pet iguana                 |

They need the ability to add a Koala to the database. Make a form with the appropriate info. Save the koala in the database. Think about what data types you'll be needing for your table columns.  

They need the ability for mark a Koala ready for transfer. Each koala in your UI needs a button in that reads 'Ready for Transfer'. When the user clicks on the button, it should update the database for the specific Koala. The 'Ready for Transfer' button should only appear for Koalas that haven't yet been marked ready for transfer.

Delivery
--------
Upon completion of the project you'll need to provide not only the source (via GitHub url), but also instructions on how the database table should be set up. This can be in a simple `database.sql` file in the repo.

### STRETCH GOALS

1. Ability to delete a specific Koala from the database.  
2. Confirmation dialog before deleting (research SweetAlert).
3. Ability to make koalas toggle between ready for transfer and NOT ready for transfer.
4. Add form validation, additional styling and a README.md.
5. Client side filtering with a text box
6. Ability to edit other information (Name, Age, Notes) for existing Koalas in the db.



### Sample Wireframe
--------
Your final product may look something like this:

![sample](sample.png)


Checklist:

[x] Npm install, PG install, Create Database.SQL file with values
[x] Create database in Postico, connect database to VSCode
[x] Create GET request to pull current Koalas to server
[] Create GET request for client side
[] Create function to take inputs from DOM
[] Package inputs in a POST request on client side
[] Create POST request on Server and connect to client/database.
[] Ready For Transfer Toggle (PUT Request?)
[]

Commit message:

=Finished POST request and tested with database, only thing left is transfer toggle

readme.md, after:

This must stop:
---------------
![Think of the Koalas!](https://i.makeagif.com/media/8-22-2014/GO_DT4.gif)


Koala Holla
===========

Our client, Koala Holla (1976 Llama Comma Drive, Walla Walla WA) is a non-profit dedicated to the ethical transitioning of koalas from the outdoors (whereupon they may be rained) to urban areas where roofs exist. Your team has been hired to build a web app to handle their terrarium residents.

Technologies
------------
* Node
* Express
* SQL

Client needs
------------
Koala Holla has provided a table of their current residents:

| id | name    | favorite_color | age | ready_to_transer | notes                            |
|----|---------|--------|-----|------------------|----------------------------------|
| 1  | Scotty  | Red      | 4   | Y                | Born in Guatemala                |
| 2  | Jean    | Green      | 5   | Y                | Allergic to lots of lava         |
| 3  | Ororo   | Yellow      | 7   | N                | Loves listening to Paula (Abdul) |
| 4  | K'Leaf   | Purple      | 15  | N                | Never refuses a treat.                  |
| 5  | Charlie | Orange      | 9   | Y                | Favorite band is Nirvana         |
| 6  | Betsy   | Blue      | 4   | Y                | Has a pet iguana                 |

They need the ability to add a Koala to the database. Make a form with the appropriate info. Save the koala in the database. Think about what data types you'll be needing for your table columns.  

They need the ability for mark a Koala ready for transfer. Each koala in your UI needs a button in that reads 'Ready for Transfer'. When the user clicks on the button, it should update the database for the specific Koala. The 'Ready for Transfer' button should only appear for Koalas that haven't yet been marked ready for transfer.

Delivery
--------
Upon completion of the project you'll need to provide not only the source (via GitHub url), but also instructions on how the database table should be set up. This can be in a simple `database.sql` file in the repo.

### STRETCH GOALS

1. Ability to delete a specific Koala from the database.  
2. Confirmation dialog before deleting (research SweetAlert).
3. Ability to make koalas toggle between ready for transfer and NOT ready for transfer.
4. Add form validation, additional styling and a README.md.
5. Client side filtering with a text box
6. Ability to edit other information (Name, Age, Notes) for existing Koalas in the db.



### Sample Wireframe
--------
Your final product may look something like this:

![sample](sample.png)


Checklist:

[x] Npm install, PG install, Create Database.SQL file with values
[x] Create database in Postico, connect database to VSCode
[x] Create GET request to pull current Koalas to server
[x] Create GET request for client side
[x] Create function to take inputs from DOM
[x] Package inputs in a POST request on client side
[x] Create POST request on Server and connect to client/database.
[] Create a "ready to transfer" button for koalas that aren't ready for transfer
[] Create PUT request to update koalas when button is pressed.
